================================================================================

PRIVACY STATEMENT FOR DELPHIDABBLER CODESNIP

================================================================================


Offline Privacy
================================================================================

CodeSnip stores some personal information in two configuration files. The
location of the files differs depending on whether you are using the standard or
portable edition.


Common.config
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Common.config is located in the %ProgramData%\DelphiDabbler\CodeSnip.4 folder
for the standard edition or in the AppData sub folder of the install directory
for the portable edition.

The data that is stored in Common.config includes a unique 32 digit hexadecimal
key based on attributes of your computer. The data that is used to create the
hexadecimal key cannot be recovered from the key.


User.config
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

User.config is found in the current user's %AppData%\DelphiDabbler\CodeSnip.4
folder for the standard edition or in the AppData sub folder of the install
directory for the portable edition.

The file stores several user-specific application data settings such as your
preferences. The only personal information is as follows:

    * Any user name or email address you provided if you ever entered the
      information in a dialogue box. This is used simply to automatically enter
      the data in dialogue boxes where needed, to save you re-typing it.

    * Your user name and password if you configured CodeSnip to access the
      internet using a proxy server. The information is used only to access the
      proxy. Passwords are encrypted.


Spyware
================================================================================

No spyware or other software that threatens your privacy has been deliberately
or knowingly included with CodeSnip or its installer. If the program is found to
contain spyware it will have been added by third parties without permission.
Please inform the author of any such occurrence or any suspicious behaviour via
http://delphidabbler.com/contact.

CodeSnip never tries to "phone home" of its own accord. It only goes online in
response to user requests. Should you notice any unauthorised activity please
inform the author since it is likely that your copy of the program has been
hacked by some third party.


CodeSnip Online Activity
================================================================================

CodeSnip may go online for several reasons. They are:

   1. Updating the database.
   2. Importing snippets from the SWAG database.
   3. Accessing various websites via hyperlinks and menu options.
   4. Accessing the internet using a proxy server.

Some are performed directly by CodeSnip, which communicates with web services
located on delphidabbler.com using HTTP on port 80. Others simply display web pages in a browser. The last reason passes user information to the proxy server
if configured to do so,

Personal data will neither be published on the DelphiDabbler website nor
knowingly passed to third parties. Furthermore your data will only be used by
the author for the purposes described below.


Updating the Database
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This activity is started by displaying the "Update From Web" dialogue box and
clicking its "Update from Web" button.

CodeSnip may also check automatically, behind the scenes, to see if database
updates are available. This usually happens just after the program has started.
You can disable this automatic checking by using the "Updates" tab of the
"Preferences" dialogue box which is displayed via the "Tools | Preferences" menu
option.

When CodeSnip contacts the update web service it sends the following
information:

    * The unique 32 digit program key (see Common.config above for details).
    * Program version number.
    * Operating system description.
    * Internet Explorer version.

This information is recorded in two places:

   1. Each transaction is recorded in a log file on the web server. This log
      is used for tracking any database errors.

   2. A database of the program keys is updated with the following data:

        * the number of times that program has updated the database;
        * the first and latest version of CodeSnip having that program key;
        * the date of the first and latest updates;
        * the current operating system being used;
        * the current Internet Explorer version being used.

      This database is used to provide usage information and to track the
      operating systems and browser control versions currently in use. This
      information informs development of CodeSnip.

None of these records store any information that can be tracked back to an
individual.


Importing snippets from the SWAG database
-----------------------------------------

Snippets are imported from the SWAG database (http://swag.delphidabbler.com)
using the SWAG Import Wizard that is accessed from the "Snippets | Import
Snippets From SWAG" menu item.

The wizard gets the required snippets from the REST API at
swag.delphidabbler.com. This API is documented at
http://swag.delphidabbler.com/docs/api/. No personal data is sent.


Accessing Websites via Links and Menu Options
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

CodeSnip's "Help" menu contains several items that cause various web pages from
DelphiDabbler.com to be displayed in your default web browser.

In addition, various links in the program's main display, some dialogue boxes
and the help file access remote websites which are displayed in your default
browser. You should refer to the relevant website's privacy policies to learn
how they use any data you supply when visiting their pages.

DelphiDabbler has no control over the content of linked third party websites and
you follow such links at your own risk.


Accessing the internet using a proxy server
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

CodeSnip can be configured to use a proxy server to access the internet. In this
case the program sends the appropriate user name and password to the proxy
server if required.

DelphiDabbler has no control over the proxy server and you should satisfy
yourself that the proxy you use is trustworthy. You use this feature at your own
risk.


================================================================================
$Rev$
$Date$
================================================================================
